what we like to do is to throw in four
main pillars of persuasion techniques
and the first one is that you want to
add in guarantees to eliminate risk
Jim guys and welcome to another the
peepsie Mastery podcast and in this
episode I'm going to do things
differently I actually made a little
presentation for you guys so if you're
watching this on YouTube then you will
see that I'm sharing my screen if you're
listening to this on a podcast platform
like Spotify Google Google podcast or
apple podcast do not worry because I
will be talking you through every single
thing of my little presentation so in
this episode I'm going to zoom in on how
to create irresistible offers to
Skyrocket your conversion rates and this
is where it all comes down to because if
you do not have a proper offer which is
not irresistible then people will look
for Alternatives and people will bounce
on your landing pages for example so
before you actually start out with
campaign building campaign strategies
campaign tactics this should be the
first step apart from goal setting
together with with your stakeholders to
get right
so Alex or Moji one of the business
Legends of today
Mars and I follow every single thing
that he does we actually ordered his
latest book 100 million leads he's a
total Legend and he has a saying like
make offers so good people feel stupid
saying no and this is something that we
incorporate inside of all of our offers
basically so if you watch our landing
pages if you watch our sales letters or
video sales letters vsls then you you
will see that we have tried to
incorporate all of the things that we're
going to touch on today a lot of the
things that we are going to zoom in on
today are actually based on a lot of
stuff that Alex homozy actually came up
with because it is so
well put together and it's extremely
clever so let's Dive In
so what is the next what is an
irresistible offer you say well an
irresistible offer communicates the
value of your products or services and
packages this in a way your ideal
customer profiles also known as icps
want what you do and there's no way
around it your irresistible offer is
about selling a dream outcome
the dream outcome of your clients to
your dream clients so it's not only
about creating and crafting a
irresistible offer and selling a dream
outcome so making the transaction or the
transformation so to say from before
before the dream outcome and the dream
outcome itself but also about selling
this to your ideal dream clients and
this is all about messaging and
positioning we're going to touch on that
um in a bit so what a lot of businesses
and marketers do wrong is where they
think that services and products are
their irresistible offers you really
have to repackage all of the things that
you offer right now then that can be
Services it can be products and do your
best to make it more appealing or better
so to say make it even irresistible so
you have to craft an irresistible offer
around all of the default products and
services that you sell right now
what also
um what a lot of people also do not get
or get wrong is that they think that
marketing and advertising equals an
irresistible offer and this is not true
because these are just tactics you can
use to introduce people to your
irresistible offer but doing marketing
and advertising on your default products
and services is not does not equal a
irresistible offer it's something
completely different
so most advertisers do not give a damn
about offer creation or offer refinement
and they basically skip the whole
process of optimizing optimizing their
offers so they have a great Foundation
to work with and I think this is because
they lack the skills or they do not want
to put in the work and a lot of people
tend to focus on tactics like marketing
advertising straight away and they zoom
in on things like hey how can we
generate traffic to all of the stuff
that is in place right now and the
things that are in place right now are
the default offers like the default
products and the default Services where
there has not been put a great
irresistible offer in place and this is
really sub-optimal because driving
traffic to well basically a commoditized
product or service that is not really
something else or something different
from your competitors and it doesn't
Stand Out means that that's people
are more likely to shop and to compare
or to bounce because they didn't feel
triggered and this will eventually cost
you a lot of money and a lot of
advertising dollars so in my opinion you
should always start with an offer first
and then once you have perfect perfect
your your offer then think about how you
get eyeballs on your offer and then this
is where you talk about or think about
tactics strategies like Google ads but
also Google as campaign types like
search display YouTube demand GM
performance Max
Etc so do not start off with strategies
and tactics before getting this right
so what's the downside of not having
irresistible offers well there are a lot
so most the most important downside is
that your conversion rates your CVR will
be crap there will they will be so low
that you will have a hard time
converting prospects your visits into
qualified leads this also means that
your CPA and your row as if you're in
Ecom or you're driving a value-based
bidding strategy for Allegiance less SAS
will be ways off and you will have hard
times hitting your efficiency targets
your target CPA your target row as and
this means that smart bidding will be
forced to bid lower resulting in less
exposure and less traffic and this means
in itself that you will not be able to
scale and you will hit a limiting
ceiling real soon and a lot of
advertisers are stuck at that limiting
ceiling because of their well poorly
created offer which isn't irresistible
at all
so because of your commoditized offer
you will also not be able to attract
your dream client because your dream
clients will not feel spoken to they
will not feel triggered and by well
crafting a irresistible offer you are
able to speak directly to your dream
clients and you're able to
tell how your dream client actually
looks like and what character
characteristics your dream client should
have in order for you to be a great fit
as a supplier so to say
and lastly the downside of not having
irresistible offers is that your leads
will ask the wrong questions during the
sales process so if someone decides to
convert on your well commoditized offer
which is not irresistible at all
oftentimes these are the leads that
we'll talk about or discuss about prices
or yeah are really price focused because
you're just another Google ad specialist
you're just another supplier you're just
another seller and yeah so what are
people going to compare on based on
price
so luckily there are
also reasons well there are also
benefits of having an irresistible offer
in place and these are of course the
opposite of the downsides of not having
this in place well the benefits of
having irresistible offers in place are
that you will increase your conversion
rates by a mile
your advertising campaigns for example
your Google ads campaigns will finally
become profitable and you will be able
to hit your efficiency targets your CPA
will drop and your row as will increase
enabling you to skill beyond your
current keyword targeting beyond your
current campaign types so this will
enable you to attract even more eyeballs
you will also attract the right leads
and clients because your offer resonates
with them
you will increase your success rates
from leads to sales thus lowering your
cost of acquiring new customers your
and you will shorten your sales
cycle duration because people really
really really want to work with you ASAP
and this doesn't well this basically
prevents people from being stuck inside
of your sales cycle for months to come
and that's also a great benefit
so how do you craft a irresistible offer
so at PPC Mastery we have created a
dream framework that basically consists
of five areas and I'm going to walk you
through the areas inside of this
specific episode so the first
the first part is actually the D for
demographic and this is where you want
to understand the very specific audience
you want to Target basically your dream
client the r is about the root pinpoint
where they stand in their buying Journey
so looking at the
um the awareness phase cycle where are
they right now are they problem aware
are they solution aware are they
completely unaware of the the problem
that they might having so that's the r
root the E is for Essence where you
basically clarify the core value you
offer and this is basically where you
define and craft the irresistible offer
and a stands for Alternatives recognize
other options your ideal customer
profile your potential clients your
dream clients might have considered as
well and why are you the better fit for
them instead of the other Alternatives
and if they and if they already tried
one of the other Alternatives and they
have failed to basically hit their dream
outcome then why are you different and
why are you going to succeed in hitting
the dream outcome and then lastly the m
in dream stands for motivation and this
is where you highlight the reasons for
them to act now where they act today and
this is basically tied to your call to
action mainly
so let's start off with the D
demographic so in this phase you want to
think of who you want to attract more of
and who you want to afford so this is
basically centered around finding your
dream clients so what really works for
this specific exercise is to look at
your client base and then a pinpoint
your dream client so with your clients
isn't worth your clients are great to
work with and with your clients are well
better to afford it so think about this
in a way like any energy gainers versus
energy drainers and of course you want
to you want to have more of those energy
gainers who are willing to pay for your
services or products
you also want to think about your ideal
dream clients that benefit greatly from
your services and or products oftentimes
there are certain niches and certain
segments inside of the whole segment of
the audience you can serve that are a
better fit for your service and that you
can really
that you can really
that where they can really benefit from
your products and services and you also
have to think about if that specific
target audience is big enough to to
reach through online advertising through
online marketing because if your dream
client segment is too small and there
are only like 10 potential clients in
there it's really hard to build a
business on top of that so you have to
make sure to take a look at your well
your total addressable market so to say
in order to see if you can properly
Target your ideal dream clients and
lastly they should have the money to
invest in your solution because well
money talks and money drives your
business so make sure to Target your
dream clients that also want to invest
in your products or services
when doing so
it is really important to be highly
specific for a better positioning so
this is essentially one of the next
exercises if you want to find your dream
client inside of the total addressable
market so to say you have to become
really specific because oftentimes you
will see that your dream clients have
certain characteristics that you want to
address in your copywriting in your
targeting so let's say you are a yoga
instructor and you were to well you you
were to write your copy around being a
yoga instructor well that is basically
not being specific at all so everyone
but nobody at the same time will feel
properly addressed because your target
audience is so big and so generic so
what could be more interesting is to
find a segment of a clients that you
really want to work with that are your
dream clients like three prenatal yoga
specialist for expecting mothers like a
positioning around that could increase
relevancy and could increase the well
the the messaging
towards that specific segment another
example let's say you are a Content
writer it's better as a Content writer
to take a look at the people that you
that you want more clients of like
content creator specializing in Tech
articles for startups or a personal
trainer versus a high performance
Fitness coach for entrepreneurs that
want a confident body that supports
their busy life or a Google ad
specialist
where you want to Target the segment the
segment dream clients Google as
Specialists for gyms with 10 plus
locations or as a web designer Shopify
web designer for seven figure DTC Brands
so these are just some examples where
you can see that by being really
specific in targeting your dream client
segment you can also increase the
relevancy of your copy and really really
tailor your copy towards a certain
segment and therefore well hopefully
trigger certain dream client segments
okay let's continue to the r within
dream which is root well this is
basically where you want to understand
the possible buyer journeys of your
ideal customer profile so the better you
understand their Journey the better your
offer can be and the better the timing
of your offer can be there are really a
lot of different offers that you can
create for your for your for your
business and you basically have to map
all of the different offers and all of
the different yeah offer types to the
specific faces of the buyer Journey your
ideal customer profile can be in or at
right now you do not want to push
everyone through your funnel that you
want to create but you should have an
irresistible offer in place for every
single phase a potential customer can be
in right now
so basically a guy called a gene Swartz
came up with a customer awareness
framework that basically consists of
five stages where well where I
generic well that looks like a generic
buyer Journey where someone flows
through so to say and this is
hypothetical theoretical people can flow
in inside of a different face from a
different profile but generally this is
how a funnel looks like so the first
step is the unaware phase and this is
basically where your prospects are not
aware that they even have a problem
right now
in the face thereafter they are really
problem aware and this is where your
prospects know they've got a problem but
but they do not know about possible
solutions or possible products to solve
their problem
in the third stage they are solution
aware and this is where your prospects
are starting to get answers on all of
their questions and also about the
possible solutions that they can they
can use to find a solution for their
problem
in stage number four they are product
aware and this is where your prospect
explores all of the available options
including yours and then lastly in the
fifth stage they are most aware and this
is where they just need a final Notch to
pull out their credit cards and this is
really really where you need to have a
hard specific call to action in place
so every stage has a different
temperature so to say and your offers
should match the temperature of each
stage which can also be called the
Channel temperature and this is
something that I learned from client
boost in the in the past and basically
they're mapped out the different
channels within Google ads but you can
also see this more holistically looking
at the different advertising channels
where they mapped out for example
display YouTube search shopping
remarketing and basically met a
temperature temperature chart above it
from ranging from cold to warm and you
really have to map your offers and the
offer types to the channel
temperature because you cannot be
pushing a marketing offer so to say
which is quite warm inside of a display
campaign or a YouTube campaign where
people are really problem unaware or
solution aware but not not yet product
aware so you really have to find a way
to craft offers that match the the
temperatures of all of the funnels so to
say
so you want to be mapping your offer
types like lead magnets marketing offers
Etc to the correct Channel temperature
and Stage so to say the five stages of
the awareness phase so what you really
do not want to do is communicating your
marketing offer in the first three
phases which are the unaware phase
problem aware phase and solution aware
phase because over here it's way better
to work with a lead magnet so to say to
to introduce Your solution to a problem
that they might they might have or if
they are completely unaware that they
even have a problem to address that they
definitely have a problem right now and
that you have a solution and a product
in place to solve for that specific
problem and most of the times a lead
magnet in the form of a white paper
ebook checklist or something different
is completely
it's a great well offer type to use for
those types of stages if people are
further down the line so if they are at
the product aware phase or most aware
phase those are the types of faces where
people are actually heading towards
Google search they are searching for
Solutions your products to solve their
so for their problem and this is where
you can really generate a or push a
marketing offer that is more warm where
you can actually push your irresistible
offer so make sure to always map the
offer and offer type to the
corresponding stages of the awareness
funnel so to say
in the third phase of the dream
framework we have the essence the
essence phase starting with the E and
this is basically where you want to
drill down to your dream outcome so what
is the essence of this stuff that you're
trying to solve for your ideal customer
profile and this is where you really
want to emphasize the id idea of selling
the benefit or the end outcome rather
than the mere product or service alone
so this is where you want to address the
benefits and the dream outcomes instead
of the features so to say so this is
where you do not want to sell a plane
ticket but you sell the destination this
is where you do not want to sell the
mattress but you want to sell a good
night's of sleep this is where you do
not want to sell a convertible but you
want to sell the feeling of wind in your
dream clients here and the son of the
sun on their faces this is where you do
not want to sell Google ads as a service
but this is where you want to sell
conversions and business growth
you want to link that specific dream
outcome to your ideal customer profiles
problems and pains and this is where you
really want to list out every single
possible problem they can encounter or
or encounter at that specific moment and
how it hurts them so this is really
where you want to zoom in on the
um the stuff that creates pain right now
because that's one of the most
well most most important marketing
tactics to date and that pain can be
translated to a solution so to say and
that is where you want to explain how
you can solve their biggest pains and
their biggest problems and why they
should need to take action right now and
that is really the biggest part of
creating a offer a resistible offer
addressing the dream outcome of your
ideal customer profile their problems
and pains you want to list out every
single problem they can encounter and
how it hurts them right now and lastly
how you can solve all of their problems
and pains and why they need to take
action today
in the next step of the dream framework
is a and a stands for Alternatives and
in this in this phase you want to
prevent getting commoditized so you do
not want to have a generic offer in
place like get a free audit not now or
contact us today or ask for a demo
immediately because all of these offers
are and call to actions are generally
well commoditized and used by other
suppliers as well and you do not want to
become another Google ad specialist you
do not want to become just another yoga
instructor you do not want to be selling
just another convertible and you do not
want to be selling just another protein
shake so to say so you really have to
put in the work to stand out and to
craft a irresistible offer that stands
out that makes you stand out from the
crowd
so you want to think about what your
dream client your ideal customer profile
could also have tried already so let's
say you are a Google specialist like I
am why
could it be that they are searching for
outsourcing Google ads management again
why are they looking for a Google ads
expert or a Google ads specialist in
Google search well
maybe because they have tried other
suppliers and they have failed to get
the dream outcome they were looking for
or they were promised a dream outcome
but yeah the supplier didn't really
deliver so you want to address
all of the Alternatives and all of the
stuff that your dream client could
already have tried and you want to
explain why you are different and why
you are the solution instead of the
other supplies that they can already
have tried in the past so this is really
important because if you do not address
this you are really getting commoditized
real soon
then lastly it is important to research
the offers from direct competitors and
what as well and 10x improve on those
offers so if you are a Google Google
specialist make sure to take a look at
all of the current Google ads search ads
right now and see what they are pushing
see what kind of offers they they are
pushing right now and using right now
and and think about how you can improve
on that and stand out from the crowd so
that is really an important exercise to
do
and lastly you want to think about the
motivation which is the m inside of
dream and this is the last step and this
is where you want to think about how you
can motivate your ICP your ideal
customer profile to take action now you
want to zoom in on the pane once again
and explain what happens when they
decide to not take action so let's say
you are a Google specialist once again
this is where you can use copy like feel
like you're pouring money inside of into
Google ads with little with little to
show for it without expert guidance
that's not likely to change or if you're
selling protein shakes why put in all
that sweat and effort if you're not
going to give your body the nutrients it
craves for don't let your hard work go
unrewarded or as a yoga instructor
stressed tense and out of balance every
session you miss is a step further from
Inner Harmony and physical wellness or
selling when selling mattresses good
sleep isn't a luxury it's a necessity
without the right mattress you're
choosing fatigue over fatality so this
is where you really want to address the
pain
that stays when people do not take
action today and decide to well complete
your call to action so to say
and this can be done in the form of a
micro copy below your call to action or
on different sites on your landing page
so all of these contents need to be
combined with certain persuasion
techniques so what we like to do is to
throw in four main pillars of persuasion
techniques and the first one is that you
want to add in guarantees to eliminate
risk and Alex or Mosey actually has a
couple of great examples for different
guarantees that you can use for example
he has a very aggressive guarantee where
you can basically guarantee that you
will be working for free for a couple of
months if they do not hit their Target
in the first six months for example and
you will continue to work for free until
they have reached their goal because you
are so certain of your of your own skill
sets that you will definitely that
you're definitely able to to say that or
you will prove to the client that you
will work on a one-to-one a personal
basis instead of Outsourcing your work
to your colleague if targets are not
being hit so let's say somebody is
knocking on my door as in Google ads
agency because I would like to work with
me but yeah I have a great team of
specialists in place like 10 senior
Google Specialists but one of the Google
ads Specialists in-house isn't really
able to hit the targets then I could I
could push a guarantee like hey if one
of my colleagues is not able to hit your
goals I will work on a personal level
with you to definitely hit the goals
that we have discussed upon
so those are really well really great
guarantees that do a better job of just
saying something like hey here's your
money back or you have a lifetime
guarantee on the product you buy but you
can also stack your guarantee guarantees
and this is even more powerful so if you
were to stack a money back guarantee
with a really aggressive guarantee like
you will be working for free for the
upcoming six months is if people are not
happy with your services then that will
do an even better job so the second
persuasion technique is that you want to
add in scarcity and this is where you
really want to add in real scarcity
around the offer you have created for
example let's say you are in the
coaching business and you have developed
a coaching program but you have only
room for five clients in total five high
ticket five high ticket clients and
right now you are already sold on three
out of five high ticket High ticket
sales so to say so there are only two
spots left so this is scarcity that you
can put into place but you can also
think about
things like a cohort based urgency so
let's say you're doing cohorts like our
Google ads masterclass we're doing that
every uh three or four months so we
could we could say hey we're doing this
cohort every three months and it's
starting next week so if you want to
enroll make sure to buy a ticket in the
upcoming seven days if not you are going
to have to wait for another three four
five months so to say and this also can
be combined with urgency the example I
gave you before is also yeah a little
bit focused on urgency so why should
people take action right now that's also
incredibly important so you could say
hey if you do not decide to take action
right now you might miss out on certain
bonuses or we might increase prices of
our services in the near future and you
will have to pay more for Less so to say
so that's also creating
urgency and lastly you want to add in
real proof where you want to add in
third-party proof for dream outcomes and
this is basically a list of all of your
dream clients where you have already
created dream outcomes for and this can
be in the form of case studies text
based testimonials video based
testimonials yeah all of these kinds of
sorts of social proof and it's best to
layer this and to stack them on top of
each other to to to have even more well
proof in place
and all of these things together
basically can be transferred to a high
converting landing page that will
definitely definitely increase your
conversion rates so in a future episode
I will touch on how you can
how you can create a higher converting
landing page by using all of these all
of this information that I just gave you
inside of this episode to basically well
to basically scale your Google ads
campaigns and to hit your efficiency
targets so that will be a great episode
as well I will make sure to create a
slide and a presentation for that
particular episode as well because I
want to show you certain examples of
high converting landing pages and some
stuff that we put into practice at PPC
Mastery but I think by just working on
your offer alone and by really putting
in the work you can definitely increase
your conversion rates already without
even thinking about well above default
placements inside of your landing pages
Etc so I hope you really enjoyed this
episode I did at least crafting this
little presentation and I hope yeah to
see you real soon ciao
[Music]
thank you